{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf390
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red16\green60\blue192;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12600\viewh7800\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\b\fs38 \cf0 Setting Up Git And GitHub For The First Time
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f0\fs30 \cf0 First, you\'92ll need to {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 sign up for an account}} on GitHub.com. It\'92s as simple as signing up for any 
\f2\fs24 \

\f0\fs30 other social network. Keep the email you picked handy; we\'92ll be referencing it again soon. 
\f2\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f0\fs30 \cf0 Next, since GitHub is simply a tool that makes Git easier to use, it doesn\'92t work without Git installed. Install Git for Windows, Mac, or Linux through {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://git-scm.com/downloads"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 this link}}. 
\f2\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f0\fs30 \cf0 Now it\'92s time to go over to the command line. On Windows, that means accessing the Git Bash app you just installed, and on Mac, it\'92s regular old Terminal. It\'92s time to introduce yourself to Git. Type in the following code:
\f2\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f0\b\fs30 \cf0 git config \'97global user.name "Your Name Here"
\f2\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f0\fs30 \cf0 Of course, you\'92ll need to replace \'93Your Name Here\'94 with your own name in quotations. It can be your legal name, your online handle, anything. Git doesn\'92t care, it just needs to know to whom to credit future projects.
\f2\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f0\fs30 \cf0 Next, tell it your email and make sure it\'92s the same email you used when you signed up for a GitHub.com account just a moment ago. Do it like this: 
\f2\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340

\f0\b\fs30 \cf0 git config \'97global user.email "your_email@youremail.com"
\f2\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\fs30 \cf0 That\'92s all you need to do to get started using Git on your computer. However, since you did set up a GitHub.com account, it\'92s likely you don\'92t just want to manage your project locally, but also online. If you want you can also set up Git so it doesn\'92t ask you to log in to your GitHub.com account every time you want to talk to it. For the purposes of this tutorial, it isn\'92t a big deal since we\'92ll only be talking to it once. The full tutorial to do this, however, is {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://help.github.com/articles/set-up-git"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 located on GitHub}}.}